# Yellow Pages Retailer Metadata
*This file describes the metadata for spatial_YP.geojson. This metadata is also embedded in the geojson file.*

**Data Title**: Scarborough and Markham South Asian Foodscape Data (1996 - 2016) <br>
**Description**: This dataset contains the locations, names, and classifications of grocery stores and restaurants in Scarborough and Markham, Ontario for the years 1996, 2001, 2006, and 2016.<br>
**Keywords**: Food environment, Greater Toronto Area<br>
**Author**: [Aisha Nur Syed](https://aishas25.wixsite.com/aisha-syed)<br>
**Creation Date**: June 19, 2024<br>
**CRS**: EPSG:4326<br>
**Bounding Box**: -84.38419281, 41.98507081, -74.73687597, 46.526447022<br>
**Source**: Yellow Pages<br>

## Variables
**addr**: Full address of food retailer.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "5 Hillcroft Dr, Markham, Ontario, L3S 1R7"<br><br>

**City**: Region where retailer is located.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "Markham"<br><br>

**X**: Longitude in WGS84 of retailer.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: Float<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: -79.257918<br><br>

**Y**: Latitude in WGS84 of retailer.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: Float<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: 43.787259<br><br>
   
**Score**: A metric generated by ArcGIS Pro's Geocoding tool that represents how well each retailer's address was matched to a latitude and longitude. This ranges from 0 to 100 where 100 represents a perfect match.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: Float<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: 99.61<br><br>
    
**year**: The year of the Yellow Pages directory that the retailer was recorded in.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "2001"<br><br>

**YP_sect**: The section of the Yellow Pages directory that the retailer was recorded in.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "grocery-retail"<br><br>
    
**name**: The name of the retailer recorded in the Yellow Pages.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "tandoori hut"<br><br>

**cuisine**: The classification of the retailer. Classifications include South Asian, Not South Asian, Ethnic, Indian, Pakistani, Sri Lankan, or Bangladeshi.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: String<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: "ethnic"<br><br>

**Geometry**: The point location of the retailer.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Data type: Geometry<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Example: POINT (-79.28728 43.78266)
